$Id: TODO,v 1.2 2009/06/03 18:49:18 fabiankeil Exp $

Some Privoxy related task, not ordered in any way.

1)  Add some regression tests. Filters should be tested automatically
    (variables too). Could probably reuse large parts of Privoxy-Filter-Test.

3)  Fix some more XXX: comments.

4)  Fix some more compiler warnings. (Especially on amd64)
    Partly done.

6)  Remove actions that aren't needed anymore:

    content-type-overwrite should probably stay as it's also
    used by some of the CGI pages (XXX: name them).

    crunch-client-header and crunch-server-header should probably
    go, their only advantage is that their search strings can be
    controlled through the CGI pages, other than that they only
    have disadvantages.

    crunch-if-none-match can be replaced with a header filter.

    prevent-compression has a misleading name and could
    be replaced with a header filter.

7)  force-text-mode has a stupid name and should probably
    be renamed to force-filter-mode.

8)  handle-as-empty-document and handle-as-image should
    be merged to something like handle-as{something} to
    prevent them from being activated at the same time.

10) There's a bug in the CGI editor that turns the
    first section's "Insert new section below" into
    a "Insert new section above" button.

11) CGI templates should use semantically-correct HTML
    and scale properly.

12) Add pipelining support.

13) Use zlib to compress content before sending it to
    the client. Measure if it makes a difference.

14) Log and filter POST parameters.

15) If trusted CGI pages are requested without trusted referrer,
    set the status code to 403 instead of 200.

16) Filter SSL encrypted content as well.

    At the beginning we could use a unencrypted connection between
    client and Privoxy, and use an encrypted connection between
    Privoxy and the server.

    This should be good enough for most of the content the
    user would want to filter.

19) enable-forward-fallback. Syntax? Suggested by K.R.

21) User Manual delivery doesn't accept multiple slashes. Should it?

22) Verify action files properly (Including arguments) and
    act accordingly (should probably intercept all requests
    with a "Invalid option foo detected" CGI page).

23) Do the same in case of syntax errors in the configuration file,
    instead of just exiting or ignoring the problem.

25) Handle multiple filters with the same name better. Reject them?

26) Let show-url-info detect clearly invalid URLs.

27) Make errno logging less thread-unsafe.
    Verify that it's really an improvement.

28) Don't take default ports in case of invalid forwarding ports.

31) If a string action foo is disabled csp->action->string[ACTION_STRING_FOO]
    doesn't necessarily contain NULL, but may contain the string of an
    enabled foo action in an overruled section. Is it a bug? Does it matter?

32) In case of forwarding failures with socks port == 9050,
    show extra info about Tor (the whole FAQ entry?).

35) Do less work in the accept_connection() thread.
    Partly done. Good enough?

36) Unload unused action files directly, even if they are
    disabled without replacement.

38) In the final results, explicitly list disabled multi actions
    with their parameters. Not as trivial as it sounds.

39) Verify loadcfg.c jarfile reloading and friends.
    /* XXX: Does disabling this actually work? */

40) Fix core dumping in daemon mode.

41) Change documentation framework to one that works cross-platform.
    Evaluate WML.

42) Add DTrace hooks.

43) Write a tool to check URL patterns against URLs in the log file.
    This could be included in Privoxy-Regression-Test.

44) Privoxy-Log-Parser: Consider highlighting "Connection" in:
    23:13:03.506 283b6100 Header: Replaced: 'Connection: Keep-Alive' with 'Connection: close'

49) Add FAQ for NTLM proxies. Still necessary?

50) Investigate possible PCRS template speedup when searching
    macros with strstr() before compiling pcrs commands.
    Investigated, needs some restructuring but is probably worth it.

51) Make user-manual directive more general to allow serving
    the FAQ and other stuff, too. Consider changing the port
    for "same origin policy" issues.

53) Find a more reliable hoster.

54) Move away from CVS to a more modern revision control system.

55) Apply for Coverity scans: http://scan.coverity.com/

56) Apply for the "free online access for qualified open-source
    software projects" for the Co-Advisor HTTP compliance tests:
    http://coad.measurement-factory.com/details.html#pricing

57) Allow piping into external filter programs.

58) Move more template strings from the code into the actual templates.

59) Import the German template translation.

60) Ask the Russian translators for input on how to make their
    life easier.

61) Consider (optionally?) skipping the hostname comparison when
    checking if a connections that goes to a HTTP proxy can be reused.
    Do all HTTP proxy support that? Is it worth it?

63) Reject clearly too large requests earlier?

64) Use proper copyright attribution. "Privoxy Developers"
    is no legal entity.

65) Polish Website.

66) Increase maximum number of action and filter files.

67) Clean up directory layout. Depends on 54 so we don't
    lose the revision history.

68) Use standard make syntax so we don't depend on GNU make.

69) Update autoconf setup (or move away from it).

70) If the server connection is reset but the headers are
    received, consider passing the mess to the client instead
    of showing the connect-failed template. Relates to #2698674.
